Replace implementsApis with providesApis and add consumesApis (#3449)
backstage/backstage: plugins/api-docs/README.md

Other formats are displayed as plain text, but this can easily be extended.

To fill the catalog with APIs, [provide entities of kind API](https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-catalog/descriptor-format#kind-api).

> To link that an component provides or consumes an API, see [`providesApis`](https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-catalog/descriptor-format#specprovidesapis-optional) and [`consumesApis`](https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-catalog/descriptor-format#specconsumesapis-optional) property on components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To link that a component provides or consumes an API, see the [`providesApis`](https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-catalog/descriptor-format#specprovidesapis-optional) and [`consumesApis`](https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-catalog/descriptor-format#specconsumesapis-optional) properties on the Component kind.
```
